Docs for using drizzle adapter instead of Postgres ones (#1444)
lucia-auth/lucia: docs/pages/database/postgresql.md

# PostgreSQL

> > If you use `drizzle-orm` in your project you should use the `@lucia-auth/adapter-drizzle` package instead, even if you do use one of the lower postgres drivers mentioned below. The reason being is that `drizzle-orm` will alter the parsing of database types (like `TIMESTAMP`) and the `@lucia-auth/adapter-drizzle` package will handle that for you in accordance with your schema definitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you use Drizzle ORM in your project, use the [Drizzle adapter](https://lucia-auth.com/database/drizzle#postgresql) instead as Drizzle ORM overrides how your database driver handles dates. 
```
